<span>A five year loveless affair breaks off when the mistress's' husband comes home to find them throwing furniture at each other.  The condensed matter physicist doesn't even understand that an affair is what he walks in on, instead he believes that his wife is defending herself against an assailant. (Who seems to be wearing very fancy attire for such an occasion.) The adulterers' think they have been discovered and suggest that they should bring this affair to light in front of all affected parties.  
The couples decide to meet on a beach since they do not want to be stifled by the formality of French Cuisine.
At the beach they decide that they must end this affair for good. As a preventative measure they suggest placing video monitors in their bedrooms.
A month goes by and both former adulterers'  find that they have more time to spend with the family they love and this brings them closer. They also get distance to reflect on the past 5 years and appreciate even more how much a committed relationship brings. However, after a while Scarlett Pallas figures that since they have the video cameras anyway, they may as well watch some recordings. What she finds is that all what she thought was passionate love making is in fact pornographic and not any better than the loveless affair she had carried on. She shows the tape to her husband Diyln who finds that the springs shock waves that propagate through the mattress are actually a clue to understanding superconducting liquids and wins a nobel is amazed that he himself did not think to look at the videos. He is forever grateful to scarlet and loves her even more. Scarlet is depressed, losses money for the HFT and is fired. Which depresses her further. She then hopes to destroy the marriage of William Hugh and Eden Milly by sending them an email to watch their sex tapes. Although, William is at first hesitant worried that he may not see Eden the same way after. Eden who is fascinated by the idea of self-voyeurism. That they would be able to spy on their past selves who never knew this was coming. However, it turns out that they forgot their password to the recordings and are never able to recover it. Thus their marriage is saved.
epilogue: Though because William now has nowhere to displace his need for tension in his life. He starts becoming increasingly demanding of those around him, eventually no one can meet his expectations so he decides that he will write about his experiences in the perfect story. The story too never meets his expectations but his wife comes across his writings and after heavy editing publishes what she thinks is salvageable. </span>
